
## Day 18-19 Issues with the delete keyword

### RareSkills Riddles: Viceroy

The objective of this is to drain the community wallet of all Ether and transfer that to the attacker wallet.  There are three contracts in the Solidity file.  

1. ```OligarchyNFT``` this is an ERC721 NFT where the constructor mints 1 NFT to the attacker. 
2. ```Governance``` this is the main contract where the Community Wallet gets created, and funded.  Proposals can be created here and voted on.  Each proposal needs 10 votes to be executed.  In order to vote on a prospal a contract can call ```voteOnProposal()``` each address has to be an approved address and can only vote one time.  In order to approve an address a viceroy need to call approveVoter().  Each viceroy can only approve five voters, however the viceroy and be deposed and a new viceroy can be appointed, also the viceroy cannot be a contract only and EOA.  Lastly the voter cannot be contracts but only EOAs.  
3. ```CommunityWallet``` when this contract is created the governance address is set.  The governance address can call ```exec(address target, bytes data, uint256 value)``` which will send ether to an another address and perform a function call.   In the ```Governance``` constructor the community wallet owner is assigned to the Governance contract.  

Transfering funds out of the CommunityWallet appears to be possible only by having the Governance contract call ```exec()```, so it appears we need to figure out how to get 10 votes.  

One first glance this appears to be similar to the AssignVotes challenge, however in this challenge the assigners and voters need to be EOAs.  A brute force solution which would require 12 addresses is to appoint two addresses as viceroys then have each approve five addresses to vote.  

Another thing to note is the ```deposeViceroy()``` method uses an incorrect method of removing mappings.   

```Java
    function appointViceroy(address viceroy, uint256 id) external {
        require(oligargyNFT.ownerOf(id) == msg.sender, "not an oligarch");
        require(!idUsed[id], "already appointed a viceroy");
        require(viceroy.code.length == 0, "only EOA");

        viceroys[viceroy].appointedBy = id;
        viceroys[viceroy].numAppointments = 5;
    }

    function deposeViceroy(address viceroy, uint256 id) external {
        require(oligargyNFT.ownerOf(id) == msg.sender, "not an oligarch");
        require(
            viceroys[viceroy].appointedBy == id,
            "only the appointer can depose"
        );

        idUsed[id] = false;
        delete viceroys[viceroy];
    }
```

Solidity does not delete mappings when then ```delete``` keyword is used.  The last line in ```deposeVicerory()``` should not work and we should be able to take advangate of that.  Something else of note is that an oligarch can appoint as many viceroys as he wants.  The second ```require()``` statement in ```appointViceroy()``` checks idUsed but this is never set, so we can appoint many viceroys at the same time.  How can we take advantage of this?  Let's look at approveVoter().  

```Java
    function approveVoter(address voter) external {
        require(viceroys[msg.sender].appointedBy != 0, "not a viceroy");
        require(voter != msg.sender, "cannot add yourself");
        require(
            !viceroys[msg.sender].approvedVoter[voter],
            "cannot add same voter twice"
        );
        require(
            viceroys[msg.sender].numAppointments > 0,
            "no more appointments"
        );
        require(voter.code.length == 0, "only EOA");

        viceroys[msg.sender].numAppointments -= 1;
        viceroys[msg.sender].approvedVoter[voter] = true;
    }
```

A viceroy is needed to call ```approveVoter()```, and they can only add EOAs one time for each viceroy.  One thing to note here is that the voters are tracked by viceroy, and he have previously determined that we can have more than one active viceroy at at time.  So one voter can be approved by multiple viceroys at the same time.  One voter could be approved by 10 viceroys then call ```vote()``` 10 times with a different viceroy each time.  